#### The discussion for the indoor location technology based on wireless technology 

With the rapidly increasing in data services and multimedia services, the increasing demand for positioning and navigation, especially in complex indoor environments, such as airport, exhibition halls, supermarkets, libraries, etc. The mobile terminal need to be identified with indoor location information. But because of the restriction of the positioning time, the positioning accuracy and complicated indoor environment, a relatively complete positioning technology is still unable to be good used. A number of solutions of the indoor positioning technology was proposed by Experts.


1. Indoor GPS technology
GPS, Global Positioning System, currently it is the most widely used positioning technology. When the GPS receiver works in the room, due to the influence of the building, the signal is greatly attenuated, then the positioning accuracy is very low. It is impossible to achieve the same result as the outdoor, extracting the navigation data and time information from the satellite broadcasting directly. In order to obtain a higher signal sensitivity, the residence time of the delay on each code needs to be extended.  
A-GPS (Assisted GPS) technology offers the possibility to solve this problem. A-GPS is the convergence technology between GPS technology and  the wireless cellular technology. The mobile terminal has not to download and decode the navigation data from the GPS satellites, receives directly the positioning information of the aid from the mobile network and has not to decode for the timing measurement.  
The advantage of the GPS satellite positioning is the wide and effective coverage and the free of the positioning signal and navigation signal. The disadvantage of the GPS is the weak signal by the reaching the ground and the high cost of the terminal.  

2. Infrared positioning technology  
The principle of infrared positioning technology, the infrared of identification sends the infrared radiation, positioning depends on the optical sensor, which receives the infrared radiation. While infrared has a relatively high positioning accuracy, but the light can not pass through the obstacle, so that the infrared is only the sight propagation. The straight sight and the short transmission distance are the two major disadvantages of infrared positioning, it makes the poor effect of the positioning. When the infrared is blocked by pocket or wall, it  will not work properly, so needs to install the receiving antenna in each room and corridor. It costs higher. Therefore, the infrared is only suitable for short-distance transmission, it has limitations on the precise positioning.

3. Ultrasonic positioning technology  
Ultrasonic positioning technology uses the mainly reflective odometry to determine the position of an object through triangulation algorithms. It means emitting ultrasonic waves and receiving the echoes by the measured object, according to the time difference between the echo and transmission wave in order to calculat the distance. The ultrasonic Positioning System consists of several transponders and a main rangefinder. The main rangefinder places on the measured object, By the computer command emits the radio signal of the same  frequency to transponders in fixed position. After transponders receive radio signals, ultrasonic signals were simultaneously transmitted to the main rangefinder to get the distance between the main rangefinder and each transponders. When three or three more transponders respond during not the same straight line, calculate and determine the position of the object in the two-dimensional coordinate system. Ultrasonic Positioning has the higher positioning accuracy and simple structure, but ultrasound makes the great influence by multi-path effects and needs a lot of the investment for the basis hardware facilities.  

4. Bluetooth technology  
Bluetooth technology is a wireless transmission technology of short-distance and low-power by measuring the signal strength for positioning. The appropriate Access Points of Bluetooth LAN have been installed, the network is configured to the connection mode of basic network based on a multi-user. The Access Points are always the master device in the piconet, it can obtain the user's location information. Bluetooth technology is mainly used in small-scale positioning, such as single hall or warehouse. The biggest advantage of Bluetooth technology is the small device, it is easy to integrate in PDA, PC and mobile phone, so it is easy to popularize. In theory, as long as the Bluetooth device is turned on, it is possible to determine its position. The other side, the prices of Bluetooth devices and equipment is more expensive, but also stability of the Bluetooth system is slightly less for complex space environment, it makes the strong influence by the noise signal.  

5.Radio frequency identification technology (RFID)  
RFID technology uses radio frequency mode for the data exchange by non-contact and Bidirectional communications in order to achieve the purpose of identifying and positioning. The role of this technique is short distance, generally up to tens of meters. But it can obtain the information of the positioning accuracy within milliseconds, and the transmission range is large and low cost. The problems for the hot and difficult research of RFID is to build the theoretical propagation model, the user's privacy and security and international standardization.  

6. Ultra-wideband technology  
Ultra-wideband technology is a new communications technology, which has great differences with traditional communication technologies. 

